Paleo, vegan, intermittent fasting... Here's how to choose the absolute best diet for you.


People always ask which “nutrition camp” I fall into. Is it paleo? Low carb? Intermittent fasting? In essence, they’re asking: “What’s the best diet?”
In today’s article I’ll share my surprising answer.
I’ll also show you how we’ve used “best diet” principles in our coaching programs to change the lives of tens of thousands of men and women.
++++
We’ll soon be opening up our Precision Nutrition Coaching program to men and women around the world.
Tested with more than 45,000 clients to date — and proven in several peer-reviewed research studies — it’s guaranteed to help you transform your body, and your life.
Here’s a quick glimpse of what the program can do.

During this 12-month transformation program, we’ll match you with a Precision Nutrition coach who will guide you through important, permanent improvements in your eating habits, lifestyle choices, body, and health.
The results?
You’ll lose the weight (and body fat) you haven’t been able to shed for years. You’ll build physical strength and mental resiliency. And you’ll end up feeling more capable, more confident, and more free than you have in a long time.
Throughout the process, you’ll discover the “best diet” for you.
Which brings us back to today’s article…

What is the best diet?
A while back, I did a short media blitz in Toronto, appearing on three TV networks and speaking with 13 print journalists in a single day.
For a natural introvert like me, it was exhausting. But as the co-founder of a company whose mission is to help men and women learn to eat, move, and live better in a realistic ways, within the context of their actual lives, I always appreciate an opportunity to help even more people.
While the journalist’s questions ranged from health and weight loss to sports nutrition, one particular theme kept emerging. They wanted to know which “nutrition camp” I belong to.
From one award-winning journalist:
“I’ve visited your website and I’m still not sure: do you guys believe in ‘paleo’? Or do you believe in the standard ‘RD stuff’?”
From a TV broadcaster (on air, no less):
“Your coaching program sounds great. But, if I were to sign up for it, would I have to cut out all my carbs?”
From a production assistant on a TV program:
“I have a friend who’s vegan and she’s super healthy. I’m thinking of trying it…what do you think?