
Precision Nutrition's ProCoach: Frequently asked questions



ProCoach delivers — to your clients, on your behalf — an online, 12-month habit-based nutrition coaching program, complete with daily lessons, practices/habits, check-ins, and more. These will help your clients revamp their eating habits and reach their goals.
(Everyone knows that practice/habit-based coaching is more effective and has longer-lasting effects than typical diets or meal tracking. But not everyone knows how to do it effectively. We do, and with ProCoach, we’ll show you how.)
Plus, you get to work front-and-center as their coach. You’ll be able to guide and support them — by answering questions, offering encouragement, and tracking their progress — through a special ProCoach dashboard.
When you enroll, you’ll be able to use this ground-breaking software and curriculum in your business — with your clients — and easily, quickly, effectively deliver the habit-based coaching you learned in the Precision Nutrition Certification



You’ll grow your business while working less.
ProCoach will help you:
Add habit-based nutrition coaching to your existing services, easily.
Add a totally new, and highly profitable, revenue stream, immediately.
Market and sell your services to clients and prospects, effectively.
Take on more clients, while offering high-quality coaching and attention.
You’ll get better results for your clients.
ProCoach will also help you:
Assess clients quickly and efficiently.
Deliver habits, lessons, assignments from our proven curriculum.
Review every client’s consistency and habit adherence at any time.
Track every client’s physical, mental, behavior changes every week.
Set clients up for long-term, sustainable body transformations.
Attract new clients with photos, data, testimonials, and straight-up, irrefutable, hard-data evidence of your success as a coach.
Even more, ProCoach will help you deliver nutrition support that’s reliable, scalable, and automated. Indeed, it’s never been easier to deliver real, high-quality nutrition coaching.
You’ll make more money. Your clients will get world-class results. You’ll look like a rock-star coach. And you’ll feel more in control of your career than ever before