
A musical tour of Europe’s great cities: Amsterdam



OK, my friends, I accept I may have made an error of judgment by making a musical stopover in Amsterdam.
 @abkquan puts it very nicely: “Here the problem is the opposite to Vienna: what to include instead of what to exclude.”
The Netherlands is a nation of performers – and painters of course – but composers are thin on the ground. 
It doesn’t have its equivalent of Sibelius, Nielsen or Grieg, a composer who came to symbolise 19th-century nationhood.
I feel there is probably a good PhD thesis to be written explaining why.
But we have made our bed and now must lie in it. The great thing about @abkquan is that he does not give up. 
“I’ll tentatively put forward Louis Andriessen, whose pungent De Staat is widely considered a minimalist masterpiece.”
De Staat is a setting of and commentary on Plato’s Republic, and has been brilliantly deconstructed by Guardian writer Tom Service.
Immerse yourself in it, and you will find yourself perplexed, inspired, seduced.

I was also fascinated by Andriessen’s De Stijl, which Service describes as “a boogie-woogie tone-poem inspired by Piet Mondrian’s work”.
De Stijl is the third element in De Materie (Matter), Andriessen’s four-part exploration of life, 
the universe and everything, which was composed in the 1980s. Service considers it his masterpiece.

Andriessen’s radicalism stems from his democratic philosophy of music-making. In that sense, 
he is a typical child of the 1960s in Holland, which was at the forefront of the cultural revolution that swept the world at that time.
He does not favour one musical form over another. He reveres Stravinsky, but also adores Count Basie: 
you can hear both in his syncopated, jazz-inflected scores.

The fact that the Netherlands does not have a great musical tradition freed up Andriessen and his fellow Dutch modernists.
 They had to construct their own musical landscape. They faced what they saw as the conservatism of Dutch orchestras,
 especially the great Royal Concertgebouw orchestra in 
In the late 60s – the era of sit-ins and assorted happenings – Andriessen and Co were happy to disrupt performances by
 the Concertgebouw to further their demands for more adventurous programming, apparently letting loose toy frogs in the
 middle of concerts. Those were the days! I rather like the idea of Mahler’s Third Symphony, say, played to an accompaniment of the croaking of an army of toy frogs.